Update dash-high-level-design.md (#55)
Azure/DASH: documentation/general/design/dash-high-level-design.md

The figure above highlights the primary SONiC and DASH software stack components and relationships, and will appear as variations within the DASH configurations described below.

### DASH appliance architecture

> A DASH "appliance" contains multiple (e.g. six) DASH NIC/DPU/Other devices installed as PCIe adaptors in a chassis. This chassis provides power and cooling with options for managability/servicing/supporability (as needed), and other capability through PCIe bus, but no large scale datapath traversal of PCIe is needed. Each NIC/DPU runs its own SONiC instance in such a way that it could also potentially operate as a stand alone component once programed through control plane given the chassis power / cooling / management.  The PCIe bus *can* be used to bootstrap/upgrade cards and perform some platform management functions but is not a participant in steady-state datacenter traffic. Each DASH NIC/DPU Will run a version of SONiC that runs its own gNMI endpoin for SDN Control.  This endpoint is reachable inband through the "front-panel" DPU traffic ports via L3 routing. In other words, the SDN controller can reach the DPU management endpoints over the ToR-to-DPU fabric links. In some cases, DPUs might provide separate management Ethernet ports, or PCIe netdevs which can be used for control purposes, in accordance to deployment and security needs.

Reviewer: Good suggestions. Here are some fixes for typos, etc.:

A DASH "appliance" contains multiple (e.g. six) DASH NIC/DPU/Other devices installed as PCIe adaptors in a chassis. This chassis provides power and cooling with options for manageability/servicing/support (as needed), and other capability through PCIe bus, but no large scale datapath traversal of PCIe is needed. Each NIC/DPU runs its own SONiC instance in such a way that it could also potentially operate as a standalone component once programmed through control plane given the chassis power / cooling / management. The PCIe bus *can* be used to bootstrap/upgrade cards and perform some platform management functions, but is not a participant in steady-state datacenter traffic. Each DASH NIC/DPU Will run a version of SONiC that exposes its own gNMI endpoint for SDN Control. This endpoint is reachable inband through the "front-panel" DPU traffic ports via L3 routing. In other words, the SDN controller can reach the DPU management endpoints over the ToR-to-DPU fabric links. In some cases, DPUs might provide separate management Ethernet ports, or PCIe netdevs which can be used for control purposes, in accordance to deployment and security needs.

Author: @chrispsommers was this text added as a Suggestion?  I can't tell the difference...

Reviewer: No, it was a comment, Michael made a suggestion based on it. I'll resolve.

> A DASH "appliance" contains multiple (e.g. six) DASH NIC/DPU/Other devices installed as PCIe adaptors in a chassis. This chassis provides power and cooling with options for managability/servicing/supporability (as needed), and other capability through PCIe bus, but no large scale datapath traversal of PCIe is needed. Each NIC/DPU runs its own SONiC instance in such a way that it could also potentially operate as a stand alone component once programed through control plane given the chassis power / cooling / management.  The PCIe bus *can* be used to bootstrap/upgrade cards and perform some platform management functions but is not a participant in steady-state datacenter traffic. Each DASH NIC/DPU Will run a version of SONiC that runs its own gNMI endpoin for SDN Control.  This endpoint is reachable inband through the "front-panel" DPU traffic ports via L3 routing. In other words, the SDN controller can reach the DPU management endpoints over the ToR-to-DPU fabric links. In some cases, DPUs might provide separate management Ethernet ports, or PCIe netdevs which can be used for control purposes, in accordance to deployment and security needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A DASH "appliance" contains multiple (e.g., six) DASH NIC/DPU/Other devices installed as PCIe adaptors in a chassis. This chassis provides power and cooling with options for manageability/servicing/supportability (as needed), and other capability through PCIe bus, but no large-scale data path traversal of PCIe is needed. 
Each NIC/DPU runs its own SONiC instance in such a way that it could also potentially operate as a standalone component once programed through the control plane given the chassis power / cooling / management.  
The PCIe bus *can* be used to bootstrap/upgrade cards and perform some platform management functions but is not a participant in steady-state datacenter traffic. 
Each DASH NIC/DPU Will run a version of SONiC that runs its own gNMI endpoint for SDN Control.  This endpoint is reachable in band through the "front-panel" DPU traffic ports via L3 routing. In other words, the SDN controller can reach the DPU management endpoints over the ToR-to-DPU fabric links. 
In some cases, DPUs might provide separate management Ethernet ports, or PCIe netdevs which can be used for control purposes, in accordance with deployment and security needs.
```

Reviewer: lgtm
